README documentation refactoring (#476)
instana/go-sensor: docs/roundtripper.md

## Tracing HTTP Outgoing Requests

The tracer is able to collect data from the Go standard library for outgoing HTTP requests.
That is, when one creates an [http.Client](https://pkg.go.dev/net/http@go1.21.3#Client) instance to make calls to HTTP servers.

To achieve this data collection we provide a [RoundTripper](https://pkg.go.dev/net/http@go1.21.3#RoundTripper) wrapper to be used as the http.Client Transport.
Additionally, as HTTP outgoing requests are exit spans, the HTTP request must be attached to a context containing a entry span.

### Usage

Let's assume the following code snippet as an example to be traced:

```go
client := &http.Client{}

req, err := http.NewRequest(http.MethodGet, "https://www.instana.com", nil)

_, err = client.Do(req)

```

The first thing we need is to add the collector to the project:

```go
col := instana.InitCollector(&instana.Options{
  Service: "my-http-client",
})
```

Then, we need to wrap the current Transport (if any) with `instana.RoundTripper`.
If no Transport is provided, simply pass `nil` as the second argument.

> The `instana.RoundTripper` wrapper will intercept relevant information from the HTTP request, such as URL, methods and so on. It will then collect them to later be sent to the Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `instana.RoundTripper` wrapper will intercept the relevant information from the HTTP request, such as URL, methods and so on. It will then collect them and send to the Agent periodically.
```
